hey what's going on guys
today i'll show you a fantasy comedy
film groundhog day
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
phil works for a tv station as a
weatherman for many years
he's sent to a local town every year to
cover the groundhog day festivities
there
phil has long since been sick of this
repetitive job
without passion anymore he just want to
get the job done
fast this year as before upon arriving
at the town with the report team
phil heads to the hotel directly on
february 2nd
in the early morning phil's wakened up
at six by the alarm clock
on the way to the event phil happens to
meet an insurance broker
his former classmate whose insurance
solicitation seems definitely the least
thing
he'd want to hear in his rush hour
trying to escape from the classmate
solicitation
he loses his attention and falls his leg
into a water puddle
he arrives at the event annoyed by such
a bad day for him
he finishes the routine report
half-hearted and want to rush out of the
goddamn town
immediately on their way back to the
city however
they're stuck in a heavy snowstorm which
forces them to spend one more night in
the town eventually
the next morning phil is roused up by
the same alarm at 6.
he's much confused and shocked as well
to find that it's still the same ground
day
as he hears the same radio broadcast and
sees the same views outdoors
what's more on his way to the event he
meets the same classmate on the street
and steps into the same water puddle
while avoiding his solicitation
while staying in the hotel after the
report he tries to figure out whether
it's just his delusion
with a pencil broken on purpose before
his sleep
but only to find an intact one when
awakening up the next morning
in a panic he then cuts off the
solicitation from his classmate
and confides to rita all the strange
stuff that happened to him
rita however doesn't buy his [ __ ]
but instead
urges him to get a health check at the
hospital where phil is checked in his
brain
but found nothing wrong phil later
resorts to the psychologist
but gets the same result though still
confused much by his current situation
phil test get drunk recklessly drive his
car
and challenged the police before being
arrested and in prison
but the next morning he wakes up in the
same hotel
he's excited to realize that he's
confined in a time loop
where he can relive the ground day over
and over again
but most importantly without any
consequences for his actions
he then manipulates the loop to his
advantage punching his annoying
classmate down before he makes any
solicitation
making fun of the passerby who falls
into the water puddle
binge eating and drinking smoking
intentionally before rita
and even hooking a random beauty with
all her info obtained by him beforehand
is hallucinated to believe that phil is
actually her high school mate
in that way he tricks the beauty
successfully for his random hormone shot
knowing no consequences for his actions
phil intends to go wilder at the small
town
he then robs the bank for money and
spends all the cash in paying his
generous hormone shots to the random
street girls
who however can't literally make film
more satisfied than his crushed girl
rita
in order to give rita a hormone shot he
uses the loops to learn more about her
and even her privacy
trying to find out what he should do to
please rita and touch her heart
on the contrary it just turns out
annoying rita badly
no matter what new steps he takes to
tease rita in the following same days
rita rebuffs his advances every time
frustrated much by his continuous
failures phil gradually becomes
depressed
and desperate for a way to escape the
loop believing that it's indeed a curse
on him
phil later kidnaps the groundhog for the
event and crashes his car off a cliff
intending to kill himself together with
a groundhog
the next morning however phil wakes up
on the same day
with many ways he tries to commit
suicide though
phil only finds that he's been cursed to
be confined in the groundhog day forever
being sick of the time luke phil tries
to explain all the happenings to rita
by showing her his detailed knowledge of
the day to accurately predicted events
rita finally turns to trust all the
unbelievable happenings
at night she encourages the poor phil to
think of the loops as a blessing
instead of a curse phil holds a sincere
talk with rita for the first time
the next morning phil wakes up on
another luke day though
but thanks to the encouragement from
rita he decides to bring himself some
change
and make his loop day positive he gives
all his cash to the homeless
and delivers the breakfast to rita and
the cameraman
after the news report phil chooses to
stay in the cafeteria
and enjoys his reading time peacefully
even learns to play piano and ice
sculpture as his hobbies
someday night while seeing a homeless
and a bad health condition
phil takes him to the hospital for
emergent care but the old man dies due
to his high age
feeling guilty he tries to offer his
help to the old man
earlier in the following loops but no
matter how hard he tries
the old man turns to pass away every
time which makes phil realize that
there's still something he can't change
even in the time loop
after numerous repeating groundhog days
phil learns how to get rid of his
arrogance
he switches to a new broadcasting style
full-hearted
and receives the appraisals from the
audience and rita what's more he saves a
kid falling from the tree
changes the flat tire for strangers and
saves a guy at a restaurant
who's choked up by food compared to his
past
phil now really appreciates the joys to
give rather than to take
he becomes well known to the town people
for his good deeds
at a coming party rita is deeply
impressed by phil
who stays as the stage focus playing a
piece of lovely piano music to the dance
of people
later during the charity bachelor
auction where ladies of the town compete
with each other
to bid for a date with phil in order to
raise funds for the towns rebuilt
rita wins the bid finally with all the
money she brings
phil later takes rita to a park where he
makes a nice sculpture of her
deeply moved by his heartwarming actions
rita can't wait any longer to accept his
love confession
they spend a sweet night at the hotel
letting go of their hormone for the
first time
fantastic but fast the next morning phil
wakes up as usual
but only to find rita is still in bed
with him
and the outdoor views look not the same
anymore
with the smiles on his face phil
realizes he's released from the loop
and welcomed by a brand new day ever
this is daniel cc movie channel bye